Hello everyone! Our LOONA TV has finally reached 500th episode~~
Finally our 500th episdoe~
How do you guys feel?
HeeJin was on LOONA TV since its first episode~
But our 1000th episode will come really soon!
Because 500th episode came this quick~
Our first episode started in 2016,
and it’s 2019 already ~
I am excited and looking forward to this LOONA TV’s contents~~
When we first took the first episode,  we were all awkward and stuff!
But right now~ we are all dancing~
Right right ~
So can Orbits be with us when we get older and older~?
We are going to have a lot more contents on LOONA TV so Orbits,
please stay with us for forever ~
Please wait for LOONA TV at 12!
LOONA TV will continue its way!!!